Hey.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I just can't remember
what I came down here for.
Oh. That happens
to me all the time.
I-I can't remember
a specific example, but yeah.
Yeah, that's annoying.
Uh, maybe you were hungry.
Did you come down
to get something to eat?
No, I just ate.
Were you going to watch TV?
No. I have a TV
in my room.
This is very disconcerting.
Don't panic. I mean,
we'll figure this out.
Did you come down
to give me the money you owe me?
Ah.
It's worth a shot.
No. I was upstairs,
and I thought to myself,
"I need
to come downstairs and..."
You know what might help?
A little less...
"Whoa, dude, where's my car?"
No, it's not the pot.
I've been smoking pot since...
It's... it's not the pot.
I... What did I come
down here for?
Walden!
Hey!
I remember now.
We have a houseguest.
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Men, men, men, manly men, men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, manly men ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh,
ooh-ohh, ooh-ooh... ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men, men ♪
♪ Ah. ♪
♪ Men. ♪
♪ Two and a Half Men 10x04 ♪
You Do Know What the Lollipop Is For
Original Air Date on October 18, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Thank you so much
for sending that car for me.
I mean, I felt like a big
ol' movie star at the airport.
The driver held up a sign
with my name on it,
carried my bags, and even gave
me a bottle of what from Fiji.
It probably
wasn't from Fiji...
Would you look at this house?
I mean, right here
on the ocean.
This is like something
you would see in a magazine,
except there would be
famous people
standing here instead of us.
It is so nice to see you.
Well, it is nice
to see you, too. Let me...
Uh, Missi, let me
introduce you to my friend...
Hi, I'm Missi.
Everyone thinks
it's short for Melissa,
but it's actually short
for Mississippi--
the river not the state--
'cause according to my parents,
I was conceived on the deck
of a gambling boat
when my daddy won a $5,000
jackpot on the Caribbean poker.
Wow, that's a...
Have you ever been to the Caribbean?
I went there three years ago
for spring break,
and got stung by a jellyfish.
My friend had to pee on my leg.
Alan.
Uh, it's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you, too.
Um, could you direct me
to the little girl's room?
I mean, unless one of y'all
have recently been
stung by a jellyfish.
Oh, it's right here.
Thank you.
Wow.
She's a pistol.
More like an AK-47.
So, uh, what's, uh...
what's the story here?
Uh, you and her...?
No. She's my old friend
Jerry's daughter... - Oh.
...and she's thinking
about moving here, so I told him
she could stay here for a couple
days, and I'd show her around.
Mm. She's very pretty.
Yeah?
How old do you think she is?
Like, 18 or 19.
Oh, perfect.
You might lose a friend,
but you won't go to jail.
Ow! Hey! Hey, hey, don't hit
me 'cause you can't hit that.
Ow!
♪ Men. ♪
Oh, my,
God, the weather
here is amazing.
You know, I could just
lay out in the sun
all day just like
a big ol' lizard.
Back home,
I have to get a spray tan, and
sometimes it comes
out a little orange,
which is totally fine
during Halloween
'cause I can always say
that I'm going as a pumpkin.
Oh, that's interesting.
I love
Halloween. Last year, I went
to this party as a slutty nurse,
and then, the year before that,
I was a slutty cat,
and the year before that,
I was a ladybug.
A slutty ladybug?
What? No!
Why would I be a slutty ladybug?
Oh, I just...
So...
...thought since you were...
...what's the deal
with this Alan guy anyways?
Oh, we...
Y'all, like, gay for each other or something?
I mean, it's totally fine
if you are.
I have a gay friend.
His name is Russell.
I got him to make out with me
one time, but it didn't take.
No. We... we
are not gay.
We are definitely not gay.
Uh...
So, your dad tells me
that you're, um...
you're thinking
about relocating.
Well, to be honest with you,
I'm not really sure
what I want to do.
You know, I can always keep
working as a dental assistant.
You know, that person that sucks
the spit out of your mouth
with that little wetvac
Yes.
and then gives you the free
toothbrush and the lollipop.
You do know
what the lollipop's for, right?
Well, I'm assuming...
Repeat business.
You know,
if it were up to me, I'd just
give them caramel apple
or a little taffy or something.
Pull their teeth right out
of their little heads.
Now, that's how
you make money off children.
Well, that
and baby beauty pageants.
Right.
So, uh...
Do you have a girlfriend?
Uh... no, I do not.
I just went through a breakup.
Oh, you poor baby.
I am so sorry.
Could you put some
suntan lotion on my back?
Uh, sure.
Thanks.
Okay.
Well, don't forget
to rubba-dub-dub.
Rubba-dub-dub?
Yeah, you got to rub it in.
Oh.
Okay.
Would you be offended
if I popped the girls out?
What?
You know, get a little color
on Kim and Khloe.
Kim and Khloe...
Oh, yeah, go ahead.
Well,
where you going?
Uh, I just need to do this thing
that I need to do.
Okay. I'll be right here.
Take care.
♪ Men. ♪
You know, I had an electric car,
too, when I was little.
You know, like one of those
little Barbie Jeeps.
Uh-huh.
But this one time, I
left it out in the rain,
so the battery died.
Uh-huh.
So my dad had to drill two
little holes in the floorboard
so I could stick my feet through
and pedal it
just like Fred Flintstone.
Yabba-dabba-doo!
Hey.
Hey. Where have
you guys been?
Uh, we went...
Walden took me to the Santa Monica Pier.
I actually got one
of those churros.
You know, it's like a... like a
doughnut, but long and Mexican.
Oh, hey. I'm Missi.
Are you Alan's
girlfriend?
Hell, no!
No!
No, Berta is
my housekeeper.
Oh, cool.
When I was in high school,
I used to clean rooms
at the Howard Johnson Hotel.
People are disgusting.
I walked into a bathroom
one time,
and it looked
like a cow had exploded.
Excuse me.
That churro's heading
back to the border.
That, my friends,
is what you get
when hillbillies
have unprotected sex
with hummingbirds.
No. No trouble at all, Jerry.
She's a great kid.
Takes after her old man.
Uh-huh.
Uh, hey, Jerry, I'm getting
another call. I got...
Uh-huh.
You know, I love you dearly,
Jerry, but you got to shut up.
Okay, I'll talk to you, buddy.
Yeah?
Hi.
Hey, I just got off the phone
with your dad.
He was just calling to see how...
Oh, Lord,
that man can talk.
I swear, he doesn't even pause
to take a breath.
Do you have a sec?
Uh, sure.
Okay, yeah,
have-have a seat.
Uh...
Wow.
This is a nice bed.
I bet you could do
some serious drilling
on a workbench
like this, huh?
Yeah. So you wanted to
talk to me about something?
Do you remember the last time
that we saw each other?
At dinner?
No, silly. I'm talking about
when I was, like,
eight years old,
and you came to visit us, and
we all went to the state fair.
Okay, I remember that.
Remember you had
to take me and my mom
'cause my dad was working late?
And we ate cotton candy
for dinner, and then you won me
that little stuffed pig
in the squirt-gun horse race?
I used to practice
my kissing on him.
That's a lucky pig.
Eventually, I wore out all
the terry cloth on his snout,
but it was actually okay, 'cause
by that time, I changed over
to real boys, which, turns out
a couple of them were pigs, too.
Yeah, pigs.
Do you want a robe or a blanket
or a suit of armor?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm fine. And remember, I wanted
to go on the tilt-a-whirl,
but my mom was too scared,
so you said you'd sit next
to her, but I wanted you
to sit next to me,
so you sat in between us,
and you held both of our hands?
But actually, you were
the one that got scared
and started praying real loud.
"Oh, Lord,
please get me off this ride!"
I think you even tinkled
a little bit.
Oh, it's a good memory.
I remember 'cause it was one
of the best days ever.
Aw.
Are you lonely?
Uh, you know, I-I got Alan.
Yeah, but Alan doesn't
keep you warm at night.
You'd be surprised.
'Cause he, uh...
Listen, um, I have this idea.
You know, you might think
that it's kind of crazy.
Okay.
I was just thinking,
you know, since you're single,
and-and you're super hot
and a really nice guy...
Yeah.
That, you know, maybe
you'd like to hook up
with my mom.
What?
She's been all alone
ever since my daddy ran off
with that lady
from the dry cleaners--
you know, the one
with that weird eye
that won't quite open
all the way.
Probably from all
them dry cleaning fumes.
You know, we should have
seen it coming.
She gave him all the clothes
that nobody claimed.
He had, like, four tuxedos.
Wait. Wait.
You want to set me
up with your mom?
She kind of always
had a thing for you,
but she would kill me
if I told you.
Okay, Missi, I don't
think that's a good idea...
Just think about it, okay?
Okay.
Great.
Oh, and if it helps at all,
she actually just got
her boobs done.
They actually used mine
as a model.
The doctor even put 'em
in his catalogue-- number 244.
Anyone can't get 'em,
but it's kind of weird now
when I walk around town
I just keep thinking
I see my boobs everywhere.
Good night.
Her mom?
When did I
become the guy
that the hot 19-year-old
looks at and goes,
"Hey, you'd be great
for my mom"?
Count your blessings.
One of my patients
tried to set me up
with her 70-year-old
grandmother.
No...
Yeah, yeah,
we dated for three months,
and then, um...
one day I showed up
and she couldn't remember
who I was.
So we dated another two months.
And, um...
every day was new again
until finally I got tired
of introducing myself.
Oh!
But then six months later,
she sent me a ten-dollar check
on my birthday.
Hello?
Jake?
Hey!
What are you
doing here?
I got a weekend pass,
so I took a train in
to surprise you guys.
Hi, soldier!
Hello.
You must be Jake.
I'm sleeping in your room.
Well, God bless America.
♪ Men. ♪
It is so nice to meet you.
I'm Missi.
Short for Mississippi,
not Melissa.
She got stung by
a jellyfish and peed-on.
Thank you.
Are you, like, one of those
Navy SEAL guys?
They are so awesome.
No, I'm just a cook.
Well, that's cool, too.
Without food, everybody dies.
That's so...
This one time, I found this
little baby bird
that fell out of a tree
and landed in my backyard
and he was almost dead.
So I started feeding him
with this little eyedropper
full of warm milk. "Eat
little bird, eat little bird."
And eat he did.
Within a week,
I was chewing up crackers and
spitting 'em right in his mouth.
And when he finally had enough
strength to fly on his own,
I opened up that box
and set him free.
No kidding.
It was one
of the most beautiful things
I had ever seen.
But he got about ten feet up
in the air
before my cat launched himself
off that picnic table
and caught him right in midair.
I mean, he didn't even
have to chew--
just one gulp
and that bird was gone.
But... I didn't have to
feed Mr. Mittens that day.
So I know how important food is.
Thanks. Uh, if you're hungry,
I could...
I would love something to eat!
Oh. Okay.
All right,
well, uh...
welcome back!
Good catching up.
That was like
being there the first time
Beavis met Butthead.
Wait till Beavis sees Butthead
in a bikini.
God. You remember falling
that hard and fast for a girl?
I remember the fast part.
Kind of a relief those
days are behind us, huh?
Behind you.
These are my days.
Oh, no, I wasn't saying...
No, I am young, Alan.
I am young!
Fine, fine, you're young.
Where you going?
I don't remember.
Mmm. Kid makes
good chili.
Glad you like it.
We have enough...
for a month.
Why?
The recipe was
for a platoon,
and math is not his strong suit.
Where'd he take "Oh, my God,
this place is beautiful.
"Does that ocean go all the way
to Hawaii? I love Hawaii.
You know 'aloha' means
'hello' and 'good-bye'"?
They went for a walk
on the beach,
which, you know,
has more grains of sand
than there are stars
in the entire Milky Way.
Speaking of which, do you like
Snickers or Milky Way?
I like Three Musketeers.
Even though I don't know
what nougat is.
Hey, what you doing?
Missi and I are hanging out
on the beach.
Am I gonna see you at all
while you're home?
Oh, uh-huh, yeah, sure.
You're never gonna see him.
Hey, Missi told me
she's trying to set you up
with her mom.
How cool would that be?
If you married her mom
and I married Missi,
you'd be my stepdad.
Yeah, really cool.
All right. See you later, Dad.
And Dad.
You know, if they have kids,
we'd be their grandpappies.
Ow!
Well, to make
a long story short,
I ate all the wafers,
which is why
you should never smoke pot
before you go to church.
That's funny. This one
time, me and my friend...
Do you want
to hear a joke?
Sure.
What do gay horse eat?
What?
Haaaaay!
Can I ask you something?
Any...
Do you think I talk too much?
No, I love listening
to you talk.
I mean, it's funny. Normally...
You are just
so sweet.
I swear I could
just eat you up,
but, you know, then I'd
probably get a sugar rush,
'cause you are just so sweet,
and if you think
I talk a lot now, you should
really hear me after I...
Well, I am definitely
gonna shut up now,
'cause you're
a really good kisser,
and the last thing
I want to do is...
Look at you
making breakfast.
It's what the army
trains you to do
when you keep
dropping a loaded gun.
Here, have a cup of coffee.
Oh, thank you.
You want to hear a joke?
Sure.
What do gay horses eat?
Mm...
Hay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So, uh, when do you leave
for the base?
Oh, my train leaves at 4:00.
Mm. I'll give you a ride
to the station.
Thanks.
Are you kidding?
It's the only time
I'm gonna get
to spend with you.
So, uh, how was sleeping
on that couch last night?
Oh, you know, it was
a little lumpy, but...
better than sleeping
with 60 guys
coughing, farting, and getting
all romantic with themselves.
Missi still sleeping?
No, she's in the shower.
Oops.
No, it's fine.
Sh-She seems
like a nice girl.
You have no idea.
Well, if you'll
excuse me,
I'm gonna take her some breakfast.
Mm.
As you can imagine,
we worked up quite the appetite.
Right.
And... when I say
"worked up an appetite,"
you understand...
I got it, I got it.
I really loved hanging out
with you this weekend.
Cool.
Uh... yeah.
So, listen, I get another pass
in, like, a month,
so maybe we can see
each other then.
Maybe.
Are... you feeling all right?
You're awful quiet.
Well, here's the thing, Jake.
Hang on, Dad!
There's a thing!
What's the thing?
I sort of have a boyfriend.
A boyfriend?
Well, technically we broke up
because I was tired of him
always putting his career
ahead of me.
He's a doctor.
Well, not a real doctor,
a glass doctor.
You know, like if you get
a crack in your windshield,
he will come right
to your driveway and fix it
in less than half an hour,
guaranteed.
So...
Anyway, he sent me
this e-mail this morning
saying that he wants
to try things again, but...
now I really like you.
It's just that...
Zach and I have been together
for, like, six months,
and we even went
to a wedding together.
I can't just throw that away.
But, I thought you...
Good-bye, Jake.
Don't be a hero.
What the hell just happened?
♪ Men. ♪
You and Missi make plans
to see each other again?
No.
Why? I-I thought
you two were, uh...
I thought so, too.
Oh.
If it helps...
It doesn't.
Okay. Okay.
I remember
my first...
Dad.
Gotcha.
Does it get any easier?
Oh, God, no.
But... the human mind
is a wonderful thing.
It forgets pain, so you can...
go out and get some more.
She has a boyfriend
back home.
A doctor.
How am I supposed
to compete with that?
Let me ask you something, Jake.
Knowing what you know now,
and feeling how you feel now,
would you have done anything
differently?
No.
I just would've done it
a few more times.
There you go.
That's what
love's all about.
Hey.
So, I just got off
the phone with my mom.
Oh, yeah?
She's really looking forward
to hearing from you.
Gee, I-I don't know, Missi.
I'm... I'm not sure
it's a good idea.
I mean, I know your mom and dad
aren't together anymore,
but your dad's an
old friend and...
Here's a recent
picture of her.
Then again, I haven't
seen him in years. I...
Great. I'll go tell her
that you're gonna call.
Hey, wait. Wait
a second. I...
Yeah?
I'm flattered that you think
I'd be good for your mom,
but I was just curious
at any point in time,
did you think that...
maybe you and me...?
Ew.
A simple "no" would suffice.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org